1. Why do computers understand only binary language?
Ans : Computer is an electronic device , it is collection of hardware devices such as RAM ,ROM , CPU, hard disk  etc. and they only understand electrical signals i.e. transition in the voltage . Modern based computers are based on semi conductor technology which understand high and low voltages. the CPU which consist of million of transistors they acts as switch , at low voltage these acts as close switch and at high voltage these acts as open switch  and open switch represents 1 and close represents as 0 .0 and 1 is called binary .
2. What is the full form of IDE?
Ans : IDE stands for Integrated Development Environment.
3. What is the difference between a text editor and a code editor?
And A text editor  helps you to write and edit text but it doesn't have anything inbuilt which can help you code whereas an code editor has special inbuilt plugins which helps you to code also.
4. What are the steps to develop software using the C language?
Ans : There are two steps to develop a software
1. create a source file
2. build the software
5. Explore by your own
 a. What is the latest version of C Language?
 Ans : The latest version of C Language is C17 which was developed in June 2018.
 b.. Who developed C Language?
 Ans : C language developed in the early 1970s by American computer scientist Dennis M. Ritchie .
 c. What is the difference between System and Application Software?
 Ans : The system software manages the computer system resources. It also acts as a platform to run application software. On the other hand Application software is installed according to the users requirements to perform a specific task.
 d.  How to convert a number from a decimal number system to a binary number system?
 Ans : 1.Write down the number.
2.Divide it by 2 and note the remainder.
3.Divide the quotient obtained by 2 and note the remainder.
4.Repeat the same process till we get 0 as the quotient.
5.Write the values of all the remainders starting from the bottom to the top.





